Create a step by step guide on how to do it by creating and modifying nodes in copilot studio, node properties and FX formulas on How to hide Citations / references from a "Create generative answers" Node in copilot studio of the topic conversational boosting, by having into account the knowledge source you have access to.

-------------------------------------------
Generative AI Answer:

Step-by-Step Guide

    Create a Generative Answers Node:
        Open Copilot Studio and navigate to the topic where you want to create or modify the node.
        Add a "Create generative answers" node to your topic.

    Pass the Answer to a Variable:
        Configure the generative answers node to pass its output to a variable. This can be done by setting the output of the node to a variable, for example, Topic.genRes.Text.Content.
        Disable the message output of the generative answers node to prevent it from displaying the original response with citations.

    Add a Variable Node:
        Add a new variable node to your topic. This node will be used to modify the response and remove the citations.

    Apply the FX Formula:
        In the variable node, use the following FX formula to remove the citations from the response:

        Substitute(Substitute(Substitute(Substitute(Topic.genRes.Text.Content, "[1]", ""), "[2]", ""), "[3]", ""), "[4]", "")

        This formula will replace the citation markers (e.g., [1], [2], [3], [4]) with an empty string, effectively removing them from the response.

    Set the Modified Response:
        Set the output of the variable node to a new variable or directly to the response variable that will be used to display the final answer without citations.

    Test the Configuration:
        Test the configuration by running the topic and ensuring that the citations are removed from the generative answers.

By following these steps, you can successfully hide citations or references from a "Create generative answers" node in Copilot Studio.



-------------------------------------------




Configure Your Agent:

    Select your agent and navigate to the Topics page.
    Select the Conversational boosting system topic.

Create Generative Answers Node:

    Select the Create generative answers node.
    Click on the More icon (...) of the node and select Properties.

Set Advanced Properties:

    Select Advanced settings.
    Set "Save LLM response" to Complete (recommended).
    Set "Save bot response" to the Answer Topic.Answer variable.

Assign Global Variable:

    Assign the Answer.Speech.Citations table variable to a global variable, such as GenAnsVoiceRef.

Add Message Node:

    Add a Message node that instructs the caller on how to hear the citations. For example, "This response was generated by AI and might be incorrect. To hear the references, please press 9. To return to the main menu, press *."

Update Knowledge Sources and Content Moderation (Optional):

    Optionally, update the knowledge sources, content moderation, and other properties of the generative answers node.

Configure Latency Message (Optional):

    Optionally, configure a latency message for generative answers or reference a publicly accessible audio file with speech synthesis markup language (SSML) to be played to cover the latency.

Create a Topic to Output Citations:

    Insert a Trigger node by default.
    Select DTMF global command received as the trigger type and set the DTMF Key property to 9.
    Use Message nodes to inform users either that a reference was used or the agent was unable to use a reference to generate a response. For example, "The following reference was consulted. Press * at any point to return to the main menu." or "No specific references were used to generate the previous answer."

Set Condition Nodes:

    Set Condition nodes to branch the dialog based on the user’s responses.
    In the left branch, set the conditions met when the user asks a question that utilizes a reference. Use the global variable set in the previous steps, such as Global.GenAnsVoiceRef, and set the variable to has value.
    Follow this branch with another Message node. Insert a Reference.Name variable, followed by "consulted at," and add another variable, Reference.Url.

Hide Citations Using FX Formulas:

    Use the following formula to hide citations:

Trim( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute(Topic.VARIABLE_HERE, ": cite:1 "Citation-1", ""), ": cite:2 "Citation-2", ""), ": cite:3 "Citation-3", ""), "[1]", ""), "[2]", ""), "[3]", ""))

Apply this formula to the generative answer node response to remove citations from the displayed text ​
​​​​​​​.

Substitute(Topic.Var1, ": cite:1 ""Citation-1""", "")


-----------------------------------------



    Pass the Answer from Generative AI into a Variable:
        Create a variable to store the response generated by the generative answer node.

    Disable the Message:
        Disable the message node that originally displays the generative answer to prevent it from showing the citations.

    Use a Variable Node to Execute the Formula:
        Create a variable node to execute a formula that removes the citations from the response.

Here is the formula to remove citations:

Substitute(Substitute(Substitute(Substitute(Topic.genRes.Text.Content, "^[19_1^]", ""), "^[19_2^]", ""), "[3]", ""), "[4]", ""))

This formula will remove the citation references from the response generated by the generative answer node ​
​​​​.


--------------------------------------




Configure Your Agent:

    Select your agent and navigate to the Topics page.
    Ensure your agent supports voice capabilities and has at least one knowledge source.

Create Generative Answers Node:

    Select the Conversational boosting system topic.
    Create a generative answers node by selecting the More icon (...) of the node and then selecting Properties.

Set Up Generative Answers:

    Go to the Advanced settings.
    Set "Save LLM response" to Complete (recommended).
    Set "Save bot response" to the Answer Topic.Answer variable.

Assign Variables:

    Assign the Answer.Speech.Citations table variable to a global variable, such as GenAnsVoiceRef.

Add Message Node:

    Add a Message node that instructs the caller on how to hear the citations. For example, "This response was generated by AI and might be incorrect. To hear the references, please press 9. To return to the main menu, press *."

Update Knowledge Sources and Content Moderation:

    Optionally, update the knowledge sources, content moderation, and other properties of the generative answers node.

Configure Latency Message:

    Optionally, configure a latency message for generative answers or reference a publicly accessible audio file with speech synthesis markup language (SSML) to cover the latency.

Create a Topic to Output Citations:

    Insert a Trigger node by default.
    Select DTMF global command received as the trigger type and set the DTMF Key property to 9.
    Use Message nodes to inform users either that a reference was used or the agent was unable to use a reference to generate a response.

Set Conditions:

    Use Condition nodes to branch the dialog based on the user’s responses.
    In the left branch, set the global variable (e.g., Global.GenAnsVoiceRef) to has value.
    Follow this branch with another Message node. Insert a Reference.Name variable followed by "consulted at" and another variable, Reference.Url.

Hide Citations Using FX Formulas:

    Use the following formula to remove citations from the response:

Trim( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute( Substitute(Topic.VARIABLE_HERE, ": cite:1 "Citation-1", ""), ": cite:2 "Citation-2", ""), ": cite:3 "Citation-3", ""), "[1]", ""), "[2]", ""), "[3]", "") )

Apply this formula in the generative answer node response to ensure citations are hidden ​
​​​​​​​.